Antimatter: a mere tenth of a gram of it releases as much energy as a nuclear bomb.
Yanagisawa's research had enabled a self-sustaining antimatter generation system
by incorporating particle acceleration cycles into a living organism.
And the legendary assassin once known as "The Reaper" was their guinea pig.
The antimatter energy that had begun circulating within his body
replaced his body tissue with tough, flexible structures.
Yanagisawa called them "tentacles" and, fearing them, reinforced the restraint table
and left the dangerous job of monitoring him entirely to Yukimura Aguri.
As such, she learned of him.
She learned that the Reaper knew neither his real name nor his own birthday,
and that his kind words and smiles were studied behavior—the means to a kill.
And he, too, learned of her.
He learned that there was no love between her and her fiancé, Yanagisawa,
and that she had a little sister— a keen actor—of whom she was proud.
It had already been nearly a year since the two had met.
Along the way, that room had become a place for them to exchange words—and more.
16th Period Kurahashi Hinano Past Time
Oh, right! Check out the new undershirt I bought today!
You never learn, do you?
Your tasteless clothes only make you less attractive as a woman, you know.
Ta-da! An ogre-patterned tube top!
It's a tad tight, but way stylish, right?
Um...
It is kinda weird, isn't it?
I just thought it was cute, so...
No, no! This is, uh...
Could this be a side-effect of the experiments?
Those are some honest tentacles you have there.
The way those hands can take on any shape—
they just might reflect who you yourself would like to be.
Me?
Had you been born into a more peaceful world,
you'd have been smart, but slightly perverted, a tad goofy, petty, headstrong,
and able to pull off a genuinely kind smile.
Hey, Akari, I found some time this evening. Want to grab dinner?
Before we talk about that, what's got you sounding so cheerful?
You find yourself a new boyfriend?
Wh-What are you saying? I'm engaged!
Who cares? Cut that two-faced tyrant loose already.
Listen here...
But sure. I gotta hear about this guy who's caught your eye.
So we're on?
Yup! Your treat!
Sheesh...
A present?
Uh-huh. You were saying your neck was cold.
This covers a good-sized area, and it looks pretty snazzy to boot.
Uh, thanks.
I see you find it unsatisfactory.
No, it's just... Why a present out of the blue?
As of today, it's been one year since I met you.
If you don't know your own birthday, why don't we make it today?
You've told me so many things and lent me your ear so many times.
So please at least let me give you a birthday in exchange.
I'd be glad to.
That's great!
But I guess I can't give you this, huh.
Not as long as this wall's between us. And...
Yanagisawa-san wants me to quit my job to work here full-time.
The students in my last E Class...
I never did manage to put that spark in most of their eyes after all.
I have a long way to go before I can help these new kids, and yet...
But my students really are all good kids!
They're all so unique, and earnest, and genuine!
And that's why I want to keep helping them.
Because I love my job. Because I love my students.
Mr. Reaper...
I wish we could touch each other.
You've been my rock.
I want you to give me the strength to hang in there this final year.
Before he knew it, his false smile had become the real thing.
It's all right. You can do it.
Yeah.
The first time they touched
was three hours before the crescent moon came to be.
The moon?!
Yes! Seventy percent of it has been destroyed!
A lab rat on the lunar surface discharged a burst of antimatter energy!
So cell division exceeded natural limits, eh?
Calculate the day this same phenomenon would occur in a human!
Yes, sir!
Here it is: March 13th next year!
That's the day not only he, but our entire world will be destroyed.
What will we do, sir?
Do I really have to say?
We put him down.
It should be simple if we can just stop his heart.
Notify the U.S. headquarters at once!
Yes, sir!
Doomed to a cursed death. A fitting fate for me, I suppose.
Don't give up hope! There may be a way to save—
But since I have this power and all...
This is goodbye, Aguri.
I'm leaving this place.
A little earlier than planned, but this much power should do just fine.
At least for this place.
No! No more evil!
I want us to just stay—
You'd stop me?
Yes!
You? How?
With those puny arms of yours? That feeble brain?
Unless your abilities transcend mine, you can't stop me or save me.
You're not even worth taking hostage.
Now, leave before you die a pointless death.
This is Yukimura. Unlock door 1.
All right.
Time to try out the powers I gained in return for that eternity of hellish torture!
What happened to the security system?!
It's not working!
A powerful mucus is jamming the sentry gun panels shut!
Much obliged, Yanagisawa.
Your efforts have secured me this invincible body—
though of course, I'd say I deserve partial credit.
Is he saying he gamed the experiment?!
Koutarou-san! You have to help him, or else—
You bitch!
Do you fall for any man who comes along?
Is this how you thank me for taking you in?
How dare you! How dare either of you!
Damn it!
Get the guards together and intercept him!
Don't push your luck, guinea pig.
And don't think we were always only about the experiments.
Fire!
If all you're after is a ruptured aorta...
a single grain of sand will do the trick.
I could have killed the likes of you at any time.
Tentacle mines!
A byproduct of antimatter-generating organisms...
Just attach sensors to control them,
and they become weapons attacking at subsonic speeds—
transplant them into people, and they grant superhuman battle powers!
You'll need more than that...
to do me in.
K-Kill him!
Surround him! Exterminate him!
Drop the reinforced acrylic!
I'll die in a year no matter what I do.
It hardly matters if it's here or elsewhere.
And I don't mind taking the Earth with me, either.
No!
If you go down that path,
there's no coming back!
He could see everything.
He thought he could see everything.
But her being there, seeing him...
That was something he could not see.
Aguri!
Now I've done it.
I never would've thought that trap would just spring out like that.
Why...
I had the feeling... my voice wouldn't be enough to stop you.
If I'd noticed just 0.1 seconds earlier, I could have protected her.
If I'd practiced using my tentacles to heal instead of harm, I could have saved her.
I had more than enough time to notice, so why...
Why didn't I use my deadly, destructive strength to help someone?
Why? Why?!
I might as well have killed you myself.
That's not... true at all.
I just did... what I wanted to do.
Besides... I don't mind dying... if it's for you.
That's how important you are to me.
One day, I'm sure you'll meet someone like that too.
If you were the one to kill me, I'd have no regrets.
But how could there be anyone else like you?
In the year you have left...
If you're willing to give up your time... go teach those children.
Like you... they're wandering in the darkness.
If you can look them in the eye, I'm sure...
What splendid tentacles.
With hands like these,
I'm sure you'll be a splendid teacher.
I want to keep listening to your story
Just like this, forever Just like this, forever
So uncool.
I only just realized.
Her faults are also part of her charm.
Though I know time changes everything
I'll use the time I have left to be a teacher.
To keep looking, with my eyes,
I want to believe in something that won't ever fade away
at the students you've been watching.
I won't give up on any of them, no matter what.
If there's a light illuminating the path of the traveler
The tentacles asked me what I wanted to be.
I will visit at a later date to negotiate.
Signed, a super-destructive being.
Kunugigaoka Junior High Class 3-E.
I will withdraw for now,
but I am willing to take over as homeroom teacher for
To whom it may concern, I will withdraw for now,
Who wanders the darkness Who wanders the darkness
I wanted to be weak.
It must be someone's eyes It must be someone's eyes
To be riddled with weaknesses, easy to talk to...
To be able to perceive the weak, protect them, guide them...
Gazing straight ahead Gazing straight ahead
To be that kind of creature—
that kind of teacher.
To me, it's you To me, it's you Sometimes I'd be wrong.
Sometimes my cold-hearted true face could even show.
But I'd give it my all.
You were that light You were that light
I'd aim for her goal in my own way—the way I do best.
I am the waning moon I am the waning moon
You found for me the loneliness Within hesitation
Within hesitation That's my story.
The one who taught me to be a teacher
was Yukimura Aguri-sensei.
To truly look at the people before oneself
An unexpected tear An unexpected tear
and respect them as equal human beings,
not judge them solely on their weaknesses...
Spills from my eye Spills from my eye
I learned the fundamentals of being a teacher from her.
Blurring the moon's light Blurring the moon's light
I added my own knowledge and experience and prepared to face you all.
I would use my abilities to the fullest
to give you the very best growth and development possible.
But how best to do that?
I racked my brain...
and finally settled on the assassination classroom, where I'd use what remained of my life.
It had been nine months since Korosensei came to the E Class.
We'd all grown by leaps and bounds.
He really was the best teacher we could have.
After Korosensei had talked for half an hour
about the real reasons for which he'd become a teacher,
our minds were flooded with memories of our time with him.
The frightening times,
the infuriating times,
the happy times, the fun times,
the fun times,
the fun times...
Now, for the first time, we realized the formidable challenge we'd had thrust upon us.
Did we have to kill this teacher of ours?
Say, Karasuma...
Do you really know what it means to kill?
Assassination Classroom Final Season Shiota Nagisa
The explosion was projected for the coming March 13th—
which, coincidentally enough, happened to be Kunugigaoka Junior High's graduation day.
We rang in the new year. Now it was January 6th.
The number of students who spent winter break plotting assassinations
was precisely zero.
How're you doing, Kaya—
Yukimura-san?
Kayano's fine.
I don't mind the name Kayano Kaede at all.
So much for your winter break, huh? Not to mention the holidays.
I'll make it back just in time for the new term.
How were the rest of you?
None of us could even bring up the subject of assassination.
I'm sorry. It's all my fault.
Now that I know the truth, I've gotten some closure, but...
Now the rest of you know all about Korosensei's past.
Don't blame yourself, Kayano.
We all had to find out sometime.
We tried so hard not to face facts...
so that we could enjoy our assassinations for even just a little longer.
Everyone's probably spent the break thinking
about how we can face our assassination classroom from now on.
Oh, and I need to apologize to you. About what I did that night.
I'm sorry!
That was the only thing I could come up with in the heat of the moment.
Are you mad?
Of course not! You saved me.
All I can do is thank you.
Thank goodness! If you'd said we were through...
You worry too much. We'll be friends forever, okay?
We should get going. Kayano-san must be exhausted.
You're right.
Bye, Kayano.
See you in a couple days.
Later!
Uh-huh...
What's up, Kanzaki-san?
She'd been watching the class from somewhat of a distance,
but now I feel like she's finally joined us in the same place.
Why, that...
That move of his basically conquered my entire being!
Now that I know about that... how can I ever act again?
I thought I was the number-one assassin in our class.
Sure, I only had a regular human body,
but with my tentacles and instantaneous firepower,
there was no way anyone could ever get the better of me.
And yet...
I got shot through the heart, easy as pie.
I'm utterly defeated.
There's no better assassin in our class than Nagisa.
I guess now I have to play the part of his friend.
The third term is upon us, class!
64 Days Till the Earth's Destruction!
Nurufufufu!
Boom!
3rd Term Begins!
Let's play hard and kill hard this year, too.
You must have known this would happen.
That they'd be like this.
Especially now, with the heavy burden you've put on them...
Can you still carry out your duties as a teacher?
If I weren't prepared to be as flexible as the situation demanded,
I wouldn't have become a teacher in the first place.
The most foolish kill
is to kill recklessly, out of emotion or greed.
That's what animals do.
Bitch-sensei...
The next most foolish is to kill your feelings while you kill your target,
giving up so very much— far in excess of your reward.
Like I did.
You really need to think this through, kids,
so you won't kill off the feelings you hold most dear.
komorebi ga yasashiku sashikomu ookina mado no naka
As the dappled sunlight shone gently through the window
So... what?
It ain't like you to be callin' us all together like this,
Nagisa.
There's something I'd really like to discuss.
What is it?
kimi to deatta ano hi wo tooku ni kanjita
The day I met you felt so far away
I don't know if it's even possible,
but I want to find a way to save Korosensei's life.
sukoshi zutsu narabeta omoi ga boku wo atatameru
The memories I've arranged little by little keep me warm
chiisana heya tsunagu kokoro sotto oshiete kureta
A small room, hearts connecting: you taught me gently
kono kisetsu ga mukae ni kitara kimi no sugata mou sagasu koto mo
Once this season comes for me, I won't be able
dekinaku nacchaun da ne dekinaku nacchaun da ne
To seek you out anymore, will I?
zutto wasurezu ni iru yo zutto wasurezu ni iru yo
But I'll hold your memory in my heart
mata kimi ni aeru hi made mata kimi ni aeru hi made
Until the day I can see you again